we know the great addition a blackops
media because that's what I do I gotta
tell you man
I seen some funny stuff in my lifetime
and that's fine funny funny funny funny
funny huh hey guess what I did the color
correction I did a little something some
extra like like fun you know I saw a fun
tutorial video and I was like damn his
color looks good and I was like I was in
trance I was looking at the video I was
like he's coming looks so good look at
my weapon I picked a brown color
who puts brown on their weapon I think
the brown is pretty dope so I'm going
through the weapon colors and I'm
checking it out I'm like yeah yeah what
trying out different color Lee this
clown ass stop laying around and stop
look no loitering I'm like patrolling
the place look at that look look what
I'm doing
look what I'm doing just look just look
at me look at this guy
nice shoots a grenade at me once and he
shoots it twice and what do you think
you think I'm just gonna come back right
here and try to kill you no I see the
mini-map the little red dots I'm gonna
go after them cuz I know you're gonna
stay back there and just can so that
gives me easy to jails that's what I do
get off of a dumbass bitch pray so
anyways I seen this this weekend is
funny you know why because some people
you know they get things given to him
like a little baby now look at that shit
ghost not on the mini-map and you know
man that that Oh bullshit
so anyways you give little baby stuff
like when you give kids something they
don't appreciate it because they don't
know no better they just assume that
you're your parents or you're somebody
and you give it to them there's no
appreciation for so when they don't get
their way and they start turning out to
be little babies there's a thing in the
military called esprit de corps I call
it ass pretty Cod you didn't earn
nothing you didn't earn the respect of
the community and call you
uh-huh look at this gasps so anyways you
didn't earn a respect and now and now
you're gonna get slapped up you slapped
up you slapped down you slapped up no I
mean you know it I saw some good ass
players out there I mean you know you
think about it if you play single-player
or combat training or zombies you got
hordes and waves like when this new game
type comes out special ops you gotta
have tons and tons of people coming at
you like rushing you of consistently all
the time so if you take a person like
that who's consistently watch this
grenade throw while I'm talking when you
see this guy when you see people
consistently killing hordes of zombies
and spec out players and they have a
perfect aim for your head
amazing grenade throw wait hold your ear
up Oh dad that's what I'm talking about
didn't even have to look situational
awareness but if you have killing hordes
of enemies and you got the cross hairs
on their head and then right and you
hear that teeth teeth headshot headshot
headshot you know what those people play
like that 24/7 so there are no slouches
you know they have a lot of practice in
game play at aiming at enemy's heads
therefore don't underestimate people and
you know it goes back to the old adage
ah baby mentality like you know
sometimes you need like a little baby
bib around your chest and you just you
know like this the way it is to be
honest with you I think it's I think
it's very valuable you know to go around
looking for people and get campers like
this dumb bitch okay what are you doing
but thanks for the dogs buddy just sit
there take it like a man like a man
oh I got killed right there but you know
I lost that one you know sometimes you
lose one B once you know like I lost
that battle right there it's okay
there's no reason to get mad about it
just what's the point really right right
inside that guy that's Africa and I just
didn't get off the tower of campers
visited tada oh shit to larious so
anyways
no no triple kills I bring out the dogs
I kick that ass that's what I do and you
know it's gonna be great there's a lot
of information out there I think you
guys should look around and like I said
in the beginning of when I talked in the
beginning I loved that brown color on
there and that color correction from
Thunder Toro hey thanks a lot dude that
shit is high high and I want to say that
you know like shit always does surface
you know and then people do realize that
you know there's people that play the
game call duty they're amazing
um you know there's people that play
call duty and then there's people that
you know that whatever I don't know what
the fuck they're doing don't know how to
fuck your here so I was in the I was in
it I was in a Skype call last night I
hooked up with fear Moho from fear from
the professional team that dude is super
cool put him on my friends list myself
he's in my he's in my sub box I might
put his link below guys really cool he's
I started doing commentaries we're gonna
be meeting him myself mark J him and
fizz not wiz fizz and uh you know
hopefully we could put something
together
and we're excited excited to go down
there and have a good time and I'm
excited to bring you guys a news because
that's what I do
yeah yeah just remember it's just a
video game there's no reason there's no
greater reason it's just our video game
until next time it's your boy fist
please
enjoy this last clip you know what
happens some people just aren't as good
at video games as they think wings just
is not good I mean he's been living off
your reputation for the last what two
years syndicate beating them